question: 

TECHNICAL TEST
As the next step of our recruitment process, we would like to invite you to take a technical test. 

1. Case Study:
Within one Year, a new car rental business will be started. It takes a lot of preparation especially about tracking the cars.
For this one, please make a tracking system and location history based on a Javascript language!
 
2. Backend: 
Create a very simple REST API.  Let's call this ‘People Matching API’. The API should support following features:
 
- POST Register user with facebook.Id, name, age, and friends
- GET Retrieve user information
- GET Return a match of two people based on their ages and mutual friends
 
Focus more on code quality as the problem itself is fairly straightforward. Write an API documentation and test if time permits.

3. Backend:
In 2009 the UC Berkeley Math Department sent this amusing error message to its faculty, staff and students:
 
Warning: Due to a known bug, the default Linux document viewer evince prints N*N copies of a PDF file when N copies requested. As a workaround, use Adobe Reader acroread for printing multiple copies of PDF documents, or use the fact that every natural number is a sum of at most four squares.
 
We're going to help these hapless mathematicians by building a practical table that they can use to look up the 1 to 4 squares necessary to print any arbitrary number of copies between 1 and 200.  For example, against 31 your table should say 5,2,1,1, since 5² + 2² + 1 + 1 = 31 and there's no way to express 31 as the sum of a smaller number of squares. If there's more than one way to express a number with the smallest number of squares, you can include any one such way.
 
In addition to the table for the integers from 1 to 200, inclusive, also report how many numbers between 1 and 200 can only be expressed as the sum of four squares and not by a smaller number of squares.
 
 
Notes:
DO NOT copy a solution. We have already collected a list of solutions online. If we found your work is exactly same with some of them, we may have to terminate the review process. 
To submit your work, please send us the source code via email within 3 days from the email sent date. We are willing to have a look on how you build the system step by step. Good luck!
